Atara Kaboom joins us live now from Rafa
in southern Gaza so it's a desperate
situation as was just being described at
the alaka hospital um I Heard the
doctors say there everyone is exiting do
you know if people and patients are able
to leave the hospital as we
speak well it's it's a very risky
Journey for patients there to leave
aluxa hospital because the hospital is
located in in an area that is right now
considered to be a battle zone between
the Palestinian Fighters and the Israeli
soldiers are part of their a part of
patience if they would like to uh leave
the hospital they must leave it in their
own responsibility being fleeing to the
also to the southern part of the
territory which is right now very
densely populated area now right now we
have been also saying that the hospital
had been multiply targeted before by the
Israeli snipers and the Intensive Care
Unit Department exactly had been
attacked attacked by Israeli forces who
are stationed just only 100 m away from
salahadin Road where they try to take
full control over the main linking Road
between the midle and the cant part of
Gaza Strip as the hospital is going
through a very dramatic and difficult
situation there with the total blackout
of of electricity as patients and also
injured people their lives completely
right now on the verge of collapse but
what is also important to say that the
blackout of T commmunication there will
exacerbate the situation for people even
to flee from the hospital itself to know
or to head for their next
destination T if we leave this desperate
situation that's unfolding at the alaka
hospital aside for just a moment uh at
least 135 people have been killed in the
last 24 hours what can you tell us about
that what are you
learning
yes these attacks did not stop since the
early hours of today's morning we have
uh waken up today on the sound of the
Israeli fighter jets hovering of the sky
of Rafa District where they have
targeted a civil car where three
Palestinians have been reported killed
in this military attack on the western
Rafa road that links between rafah and
kanun also the vicinity of an nasar
Hospital in the past hour had been
targeted where residential building was
hit there Amed a series of air strikes
launched by the Israeli fighter jets in
that part of the city and Truth
mentioning that 10 Palestinians since
the early hours of today's morning have
been killed uh and the the injured
people had been transported to anaser
hospital for medical treatment and the
artillery Shilling of the medal goate
had been widely heard and was
Unstoppable uh since the today's early
hours and the Israeli forces there are
trying to destroy the main key
infrastructure in that City and they are
trying also to control the main linking
growth between Alp anarat and al- magazi
refugee camp alongside also with full
control over the vital areas that they
can th take uh proper uh control and
observation over the middle governate
now we can see and say that the north
part the northern part of Gaza Strip had
been a center for the military attacks
especially in B Laha town in the north
of Gaza Strip were a number of
Palestinians being targeted by an
Israeli drone missile bring the total
death toll for today during the past 24
hours to more than 130 Palestinians
being killed till now TK abazo reporting
from Rafa thank you very much TK